In this lesson we're going to add in some road lines.
First of all going into our CSX Let's create that line.
We're going to position the line absolute just as we did with the car because it's going to sit on top
of the road and background color of the line is going to be white.
So now we need to add the lines into our page and move them along as the road is moving along.
So we've got our car and getting rid of these console messages.
So now we can focus and track on the lines themselves.
And I want to have the lines moving down the center of the page so as we start the game this is where
we can generate the lines and then add them dynamically onto the page.
So just before we build out the car so the car can go on top of the lines we're going to build out the
different lines on the page.
So creating a loop setting X to zero looping while x is less than five.
But we create five lines so it can break out of our loop.
And then here is where we're going to create those divs using what we did before with document create
element an element that we're creating as a div we're going to add a class to the div.
So using that div object we can this time we can do class list to have something different.
Class list add and we're adding the value of line and then we need to set a position of it.
So this is the default position of we're repositioning the line.
So setting that up to be and just as we added in positions here for a style top position we can do the
same thing for the line.
So style top.
So let's set the top position to X times so we're generating out all of the different lines there and
then setting them as picks.
And then lastly we need to append them to our game area.
So just with as we did with the car we're going to upend the line to those.
So try that.
So welcome message.
And we get a bunch of lines there.
So they're not exactly being positioned center.
So we need to make sure that they are being positioned center.
So going back to where we set the positioning.
So instead of margin auto we'll do margin left and we know the road width is 200 picks our width is
10 picks.
So I'm gonna divide that in half.
So that's going to give us a left margin of ninety five picks.
So now we've got our lines for the road.
Got five of them there need to create more you can create more as well.
And we need to get them moving so the next lesson we're going to continue to build out the lines and
we're going to have them moving as the game is looping.
And as you guessed it we're going to place it within the animation frame where we've got the play game
and this way we can select all of those elements with the class of line and update their positions.
So that's still to come in the next lesson so go ahead and update add in the sea assess for the line
generate them once we hit the start button and I'll show you how to get them moving in the next lesson.